The Power of Persistence - Winston Churchill
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. Never give up on something that you can't go a day without thinking about. Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. If you're going through hell, keep going. Never, never, never give up. Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter. Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.

Leadership and Innovation - Steve Jobs
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it. Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. Stay hungry, stay foolish. I'm convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance. Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith. Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations.

The Art of Living - Marcus Aurelius
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking. The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts. Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth. When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive - to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love. Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one. Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.

The Journey of Self-Discovery - Ralph Waldo Emerson
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well. Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.

The Power of Dreams - Martin Luther King Jr.
I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed: 'We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal.' Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase. Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools. The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.

The Art of Science - Albert Einstein
Imagination is more important than knowledge. For knowledge is limited, whereas imagination embraces the entire world, stimulating progress, giving birth to evolution. The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existence. Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving. Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.

The Philosophy of Life - Friedrich Nietzsche
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how. That which does not kill us makes us stronger. There are no facts, only interpretations. Without music, life would be a mistake. And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music. You must have chaos within you to give birth to a dancing star. The individual has always had to struggle to keep from being overwhelmed by the tribe.

The Power of Now - Eckhart Tolle
Realize deeply that the present moment is all you have. Make the NOW the primary focus of your life. The past has no power over the present moment. Life is the dancer and you are the dance. Any action is often better than no action, especially if you have been stuck in an unhappy situation for a long time. If it is a mistake, at least you learn something, in which case it's no longer a mistake. The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation but your thoughts about it.

The Art of War - Sun Tzu
Supreme excellence consists of breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting. The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting. If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles. In the midst of chaos, there is also opportunity. Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win. The greatest victory is that which requires no battle. Strategy without tactics is the slowest route to victory. Tactics without strategy is the noise before defeat.

The Power of Love - Rumi
Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it. What you seek is seeking you. Don't be satisfied with stories, how things have gone with others. Unfold your own myth. Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself. Let the beauty of what you love be what you do. Raise your words, not voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder. The wound is the place where the Light enters you.